I was sparked to make this project when I saw some Canadian Geese while on a collage tour in Waterloo, Canada. I saw some of the Geese arond there and remember that I also see them in my hometown of Los Angeles, California. I wanted to make something that was able to travel the same massive distances as those cute little geese. I was thinking of gliders and drones and other flying devices. I settled down on a solar powered glider that could take stops along the way to recharge it's battery so it could takeoff in the morning and travel during the day while there's sun out. I started to read about projects made to elong the amount of time gliders can autonomously fly nd there seemed to be alot of promise in gliders being able to locate and take advantage of thermal vents on the earth's surface. Features that I want to include on the glider are it's own ability to understand when it should take a break to charge it's battery and rest for the night. It's also important that the glider is able to autonomously locate thermal vents and use those to generate even more lift for itself. It should be able to have some basic safety features such as object avoidence and collision detection. It should be able to make an emergency landing autonomously. It should also have some communicatoin and control features for a remote operator to control the glider. A video feed would be preferable for a controller but just flight statistics would technically work as long as the robot could fly iself. These are juts someof the first thoughts that I had about the glider and I need some time to finalize what I want to do.